Update list.md (#1451)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/commands/list.md

## Overview

> The `dbt ls` command lists resources in your dbt project. It does not require a database connection. It accepts selector arguments that are similar to those provided in [dbt run](run). `dbt list` is an alias for `dbt ls`.

Author: This is a nuanced point, and I want to make sure I'm capturing it:
```suggestion
The `dbt ls` command lists resources in your dbt project. It accepts selector arguments that are similar to those provided in [dbt run](run). `dbt list` is an alias for `dbt ls`. While `dbt ls` will read your [connection profile](dbt-cli/configure-your-profile) to resolve [`target`](dbt-jinja-functions/target)-specific logic, this command will not connect to your database or run any queries.
```
